[Music]
This is my daughter Tatiana who will give
you a practical tip on time
entire barbecue is very important.
this attention is the traditional seasoning
barbecue is the coarse salt
You can increase coarse salt
adding some herbs to it
the basil is very good to use in
white meat
the rosemary is very good in the meats of
lamb and thyme it is very good
used in red meats and also in the
lamb to cut the seasonings is very
easy to want first leaves after
joins in the hand with the mouth always holding
the tip of the knife against the board
lady doing the first cuts
to cut the time
[Music]
will increase a little bit this
seasoning putting a little goal
The pepper is always better to buy
in grain because we are going to
break this pepper in the pestle
we will mix the piece of
pepper that will leave the pestle
This will give an air or a perfume
special for salt and when you hit
the meat to remove the excess salt
thick will also drop the excess of nem
Sign in will give the aroma when washington
referee
[Music]
now I'll mix
here we have the salt with basil
with thyme and rosemary with our primes
barbecue special seasoning
[Music]